how is it going to into the world it is
your pal mega to bring you another tune
tastic video and today is sort of a
video that some people have requested so
I figured I'd make a video about it it
is about gardening
now you think gardening is a simple task
but there's really a lot that goes into
it and I'm here to explain it as
in-depth of thoroughly as I can so if
you guys are ready we're going to jump
right into this
now first as a side note you have to
know that as of right this second as I'm
recording this gardening is broken for
some tunes there is a brief moment
between after gardening was released and
before a fix where if a tune was made
during that time period it may not have
a working garden however all tunes that
are being made right now should have a
working garden moving on to the actual
gardening the first thing I'm going to
talk about is gag trees most tunes will
refer to these as organic gaps they are
gags that you can plant into the ground
into trees that give a couple of
different benefits benefit number one is
you have the ability to pick gags
instead of having to buy them at the gag
Shop you can simply pick up to ten gags
off of the tree once they are fully
grown but do note for certain gags such
as the birthday cake you can only hold
three birthday cakes so although you're
picking ten off the tree you will only
receive three why this is helpful is
because of level seven gags level seven
gags cannot be bought in the gag shop
and have to be earned but the second way
to get at level seven gag is to pick it
off a tree this way you get a new level
seven gag every day because of the fact
that every day new gags grow on your
trees now how to plant these trees you
have to find the pile of dirt in the
ground and you have to start with your
level one GAC you cannot plant a level
two type of gag unless the level one gag
of that gag type is planted and thus
down the row once you have the level two
planted you can plant the level three
then the level four and the level five
you can do this all the way up to your
level seven gap a fun note though is
that there are eight mounds of dirt well
there are seven gags per gag track
you're only going to plant one type of
gag it kind of leaves a funny extra slot
open that you could throw an extra level
one in there if you wanted to however
most people don't end they'll leave it
blank something else you need to
understand about the gag trees is that
they won't grow right away it will take
three days per level of gag for that
tree to fully grow for instance the
level one gag tree will take three days
the level two will take six and the
level seven will take 21 days because
it's three days per level the other
benefit to organic gags is the increase
in damage - the lure of course since it
doesn't do damage you get an increase in
accuracy the increase in damage is
always based on the number found in the
tens place and over which is why if your
creampie isn't fully leveled up and it
does 39 damage then the bonus damage
will only be three whereas when it is
fully leveled up and it does 40 damage
the bonus damage will be four and if the
original damage is a hundred it'll be at
bonus damage of ten adding all the
numbers from the tens place and over
usually the gags that people will plant
organically are throw and trap I won't
go into the specifics but believe me
when I say they have some of the highest
beneficial damage counters when they are
organic but now let's go into another
aspect of gardening the flowers now this
kind of seems like a waste of time to
most people but here is what some people
don't know is that you can gain laughs
boosts from gardening similar to fishing
you will get a new laughs boost every 10
species that you collect now when you
first start gardening you have the
ability to plant one jelly bean at a
time and these jelly beans are
correlated to the jelly beans that you
are holding in your bank and your jelly
bean jar so these are jelly beans that
you have and have to earn now what
you're going to want to do is plant
every single different type of flower
that can be created from a one jelly
bean combo since it's just one jelly
bean you can play around with the
different combinations to see which one
will work and which one won't however
there is a nice list on the toon wiki if
you so choose to look at that plant all
the flowers in all ten of the spaces
surrounding your house make sure they're
all watered depending on how
big of a watering you can you have and
wait until the next physical day once it
passes midnight your flowers will grow
and you'll be able to pick them and
plant more as you pick each flower you
will get a shovel skill and every day
you can earn up to ten shovel skills
when you have the first shovel it will
take you 40 shovel skills in order to
earn the ability to plant new flowers
since there are five different
combinations per shovel you will need to
wait until you get to your second shovel
and able to plant two bean flowers
before you can even get your first
laughs boost so make sure you are
gardening every day to get the maximum
benefit out of gardening since it's 40
shovel points it will take approximately
four days to get to your next shovel and
you'll be able to start planning to bean
flowers once you do plant all the
different types of flowers there water
them wait until the next physical day
pick them and you'll have your 10
different species for a laugh boost now
you can't just pick them though you have
to take them to the wheelbarrow the
wheelbarrow is located on the other side
of the states in the dirt pile it's just
like selling fish to a fisherman you can
sell your flowers to the wheelbarrow and
after you get high enough combinations
of flowers you actually begin getting a
profit from gardening it's a nice little
way to gain some extra beans every day
as another side note know that leveling
up your watering can doesn't actually
lead to anything except the ability to
water your plants faster
for instance the small watering can you
have to water your flowers somewhere
between three and five times well with
the huge watering can you can just water
at once and lastly I want to talk about
just a little extra thing that you have
the ability to do out of clarabelle's
catalog gives the ability to buy
fountains I'm going to show a quick
graphic and depending on your shovel
skill you'll be able to buy and plant
different fountains and just like with
the flowers it requires a certain
combination of jellybeans now if you
remove the fountain you don't get any
shovel skills for it you only get shovel
skills from picking flowers but it's
just nice to have as some decoration
well that's all I have for the gardening
video hopefully this inspired some of
you guys to get your gardens growing
earn those laughs boosts get those
organic gags and be able to help win the
battle against the cogs I hope you guys
enjoyed my name is mega Snoop
and I will see you all next time hope
you all enjoyed and if you did be sure
to smash that like button it helps me
know that my work is appreciated leave a
comment and subscribe if you're new you
can check out my livestream at twitch TV
forward slash mega snoot follow me on
Twitter at mega snoop TTR and I hope you
all have a tune tastic day